feat(internal/ethapi): `historical-proof-query-window` option for archive nodes `eth_getProof` (#719)
ava-labs/coreth: RELEASES.md

# Release Notes

## [v0.14.1](https://github.com/ava-labs/coreth/releases/tag/v0.14.1)

> - ⚠️ Archive node behavior change: by default, only the 24 hours preceeding the last accepted block are accepted for state proof queries. This can be adjusted with the new option `historical-proof-query-window` which defines the number of blocks before the last accepted block which should be accepted for state proof queries. This option can also be set to `0` to accept any block number state query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IMPORTANT: `eth_getProof` calls for historical state will be rejected by default.
-- On archive nodes (`"pruning-enabled": false`): queries for historical proofs for state older than approximately 24 hours preceding the last accepted block will be rejected by default. This can be adjusted with the new option `historical-proof-query-window` which defines the number of blocks before the last accepted block which should be accepted for state proof queries, or set to `0` to accept any block number state query (previous behavior).
-- On `pruning` nodes: queries for proofs past the tip buffer (32 blocks) will be rejected. This is in support of moving to a path based storage scheme, which does not support historical state proofs.
```

Reviewer: was this change undone on a force push?

Reviewer 2: did we overwrite this suggestion with the old diff?

Author: Done in a65b60a97af5861fce1c81c24c35272aa2e6562d !
Just fixed the formatting to use ` -` instead of `--` which doesn't render fine (at least locally for me)

## [v0.14.1](https://github.com/ava-labs/coreth/releases/tag/v0.14.1)
- Remove API eth_getAssetBalance that was used to query ANT balances (deprecated since v0.10.0)
- Remove legacy gossip handler and metrics (deprecated since v0.10.0)
- New option `historical-state-query-window` for archive nodes only which:
  - can be set to a strictly positive number to accept state queries for a block number above the last accepted block number - `historical-state-query-window`

>   - defaults to `43200` to accept state queries for blocks dating from the last 24 hours approximately

Author: I changed it to:

> ⚠️ Archive node behavior change: by default, only the 24 hours preceeding the last accepted block are accepted for state proof queries. This can be adjusted with the new option `historical-proof-query-window` which defines the number of blocks before the last accepted block which should be accepted for state proof queries. This option can also be set to `0` to accept any block number state proof query.

>   - can be set to `0` to accept any block number state query

Reviewer: yes, once this PR is stable, please document it in this repo https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-docs/pull/1979/files (linked to a PR that deleted some API, but you would modify the relevant section instead)
